much anticipated release of the telecom
PNG c'mon squad was finally officially
announced today a 20 min squad which
includes two shadow players was
announced by Vice sports minister lobby
Amaya number one will be Joshua approval
number to Matthew bouquet three rigid
combo number 4 will be Jason tally
number five will be added product number
six will be Dion I number 7 will be
Israel lobby I loved he laid number it
will be Rodney pora number nine Charlie
wabo number ten gondola Lucas or castle
Lucas a number 11 David locker number 12
mark Mexico number 13 Glenn nami number
14 Wesley welcome okula number 15 las
and maribel number 16 anak machi number
17 whare tavo para para para number 18
socday number 19 rocks Keller works and
number 20 Tom Thomson today lioness
meanwhile for broncos players have been
ruled out of the Australian side due to
injury then hennaed Matt Gillett Peter
Wallace and Corey Parker Michael
Jennings moves into the Centers to
replace Jamal ages and Bo Ryan comes
onto the wing canola lock Wade Graham
has been called into the starting side
while sharks fullback Nathan Stapleton
has been selected as 18th men the Prime
Minister's 13 match will be played in
Port Moresby on the twenty-third of this
month at the lloyd Robson oval Murray
sakuma 2k sports